Migrate to Docusaurus (#1)
qwertyvipul/jsdoc.github.io: README.md

## Contributing to the documentation

> The documentation site is based on [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/).  If you'd like to contribute to the docs, make sure Node.js and npm are installed, then follow these steps:

Author: ```suggestion
The documentation site is based on [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/). If you'd like to contribute to the docs, make sure Node.js and npm are installed, then follow these steps:
```

1. Clone this repository:

        git@github.com:jsdoc/jsdoc.github.io.git

2. Install the dependencies:

        npm install

3. Make your changes in the `docs` directory, which contains the source files for the docs.

    The first few lines of each source file contain [YAML][] front matter, which is metadata in
    [YAML][] format. If you need to use the character `@` or `[` at the start of a YAML value, you
    can escape it with a backslash. For example, write `title: @class` as `title: \@class`.

4. Spawn your local instance:

        npm run

5. Build and serve locally:
        
        npm run build
        npm run serve

> 6. Review the updated markdown files, and make sure site builds successfully and your changes look okay. In particular, if you edited

Author: ```suggestion
6. Review the updated markdown files, and make sure `npm run build` completes successfully and your changes look okay. In particular, if you edited
```
